Amusement parks are fun even if there are many people.
Let's go
No, nothing else.
Brother, to celebrate your recovery from a serious illness
We are still a cone
Hello, kid.
You're eating ice cream behind my back again, Mommy hurts
Mom is what I want to eat, it has nothing to do with mom
What's the matter, I won't fine you for Doudou's sake
Mommy, I want to play
Mr. Lin Forestry is here
I'm really happy today.
Let's go then.
Miss Zuo?
Is there any reason why it suddenly happened?
My heart is pounding.
Heart failure or hyperthyroidism
Will cause the heart to beat violently
It could be heart disease.
specific
You need to check the patient's physical condition to know.
Ah.
What if it was other than the cause of the illness?
OK
Can't afford to ask me
But he said he went for a checkup and was healthy
Is there any other reason?
Guess the most recent
Did you meet any girls?
I don't know.
What if it is?
Then you take the one I gave you
Boss Ba's wife ran to him with the ball
He'll know after reading it